•	## 1. Why are you interested in programming? What have you done to expose yourself to programming so far? ##
	I love technologies, personally I always get so curious about learning new things,  especially  about technologies. I am a kind of person who likes to try and figure out new things by my own. I identify myself as a “STEM”; science, technology, engineering and Math person, So I believe programming is a perfect fit for my personal skills and passion. The other thing that makes me involved in programming is that I was interested on Computer science  from the young age. After completing my high school, I started to study engineering. I took some pre-engineering courses and I got a chance to try some coding at that time. But in the meanwhile I had to quit and move to United states. After I got here I thought it was easier to change major and try something else, as a result I started to study nursing, after taking a one year of pre nursing school I realized that is not what I wanted to do.
•	 	A year ago I left my school in Iowa and moved to this high tech city seattle, After I got here I started to think to go back  to my engineering and coding field. In meantime, I started to read and try some coding from the free sources in the internet like w3schools and Udemy and I loved it. I started to go to a tutoring class called HabIt training in bellevue. There I learned from basic up to some advanced level of database concepts: basic database querying,  data warehousing, and some SSIS and SSRS, And created an Insurance company database project on my own and participated on a group project to create adventureworks data warehouse. Also I studied c# programming language and some HTML, CSS and Javascript by my own.
•	
•	
•	## 2. If you are accepted into our program, where do you see your career in 5 years? ##
	If I got accepted into Ada my hope is to gain a starting point knowledge and experience that opens a new door of opportunity to join to this very broad and highly competitive technology world and to start my career as a software developer. 
	But in five years my goal is to grow deeply with IT field by  maintaining  a broad technical experience by continuing my education and  earning new certifications  to stay current to the constantly changing trends in IT technology that improves my qualifications and increase my marketability that I would be able to progress up to a senior level positions through maintaining  more experience and effort to become an expertize in this field.
If you ask me where i see myself in five years i would say working in a good position contributing something good that can lift up our world in technology  also build something from what i have learned and make everything easier for people  because there is so many thing in our worlds now have to change t made everything easier for the people. 
•	3. After reading Ada's Vision, Mission and Inclusivity Statement, how will you contribute to Ada's vision for an inclusive and diverse community? 
•		I moved to the United state about four years ago from my country Eritrea, which is from a very different culture and background. At first, I used to feel a little afraid and uncomfortable to get involved in any kind of activities. However, after staying a couple months here I found that people here are very diverse and multicultural, and that encourages me to grow outside my boundaries and learn something new about a culture that I am not familiar with. Also it enables me to become more  proactive in listening, accepting, and welcoming people and ideas that are different from my own.
•	         I believe every person is unique, and that every person can make a unique and positive contribution to a larger society despite their differences. And that’s what Ada stands for to build and contribute to a supportive community where everybody is recognized, respected and valued. I’m expecting to get accepted and to become a part of this diverse community to empower and achieve my full potential as a women to make a difference and to commit to ada’s mission of diversifying Tech.
•	
•	
•	4. Tell us about a time you made a mistake that you learned a lot from. If you encountered the situation again, what would you do differently?
	I am not going to call it a mistake but an experience since I still got to learn something from it.  So many things can change and affect somebody's life style and plan. This is three years ago after I moved to USA I was very ready to go to college and earn my degree. But when it  becomes to choose a major I was always clear about what I wanted to do in my life. But with being new to the country I was focusing on getting a short and more in demand majors. So, I decided to study Nursing, which I never dreamed before. After taking a  pre requisite courses for nursing  I start to feel that it’s not what I wanted to do. I end up wasting my money and time.
•	            Even if discovering other areas of major is  a good thing but for me that was a mistake because I knew what wanted to do from the beginning, instead of following my dreams I switched to some other very different path. knowing your area of interest is a very crucial point of a life. The other thing is  following your dreams is the most important thing because I believe everybody becomes successful when they do what they want and love to do and they will be happy with what they are doing. I think it’s very common not to know your area of interest, but I learned that  knowing your area of interest , your strength and weakness, that’s  the first and the biggest step for your carrier. But now I’m back to what I wanted to do and happy for doing it.


